Last night I had sex with my little sister. It was the best thing I have ever had in my life. Her petite body complemented with small and perky breasts was beyond perfect. I don't know why but I've always had a big crush on her. She has this innocent look that makes me want to protect her from everything bad in the world. The first time we made out I felt like I was in heaven. It was one of those moments where you can't control yourself anymore. You just feel so much passion for each other that you just want to get closer and closer, until your bodies are touching. That moment when you see her naked for the first time was special too. I saw every curve of her body and now I could imagine what she looked like under her clothes.

She was so shy at first, but eventually she came close enough to touch me. We kissed and caressed each other, slowly undressing each other and exploring our new found passions. I couldn't believe how good her body felt against mine. Her soft skin was all over me; her hands were everywhere, grabbing my ass cheeks or rubbing my cock through my pants. I was afraid someone would hear us. But as soon as we got in bed, the rest didn't matter any more.

We started kissing again, trying to make each other forget about the outside world. Then we moved to her bedroom, which is next door to mine. There are no doors between them. We were both so horny that we did not waste a second and undressed each other. When I was finally naked and lying on top of her, I could barely contain myself. I wanted to fuck her hard.

"Do you want this?" I asked her while pushing her legs apart. "Yes! Yes!" she replied, moving her hips up and down. She looked so hot laying on top of me. And her pussy was completely bald. I love that feeling, it makes me crazy thinking about how tight she must be. I pushed inside of her and immediately felt her insides clenching around my cock. I could tell she was already very wet.

I started thrusting into her hard, then faster and harder. Our moans were loud enough to wake the neighbors, but I didn't care. All I wanted was to cum inside her. After a few minutes of pounding her, I felt my balls boiling up. My orgasm was approaching fast. "Are you ready? Are you gonna cum for me?" I asked her, looking deep in her eyes. She nodded, and that just pushed me over the edge. I shot my load inside her. It felt amazing.

We laid there in silence for a minute, enjoying the afterglow. Then she said something I will never forget: "I love you, bro."
